guitar players estamos en una entrevista
especial para assassin's creed rogue
gone hi my name is Carsten Michael on
the franchise brand manager based in
Ubisoft Montreal and we know well we
played a lot of assassin's creed and we
love certain stuff like you know the lip
of ate the stale kills and all of that
but here with the Templar we don't know
much about the gameplay that we or did
we are going to have yeah so you start
the game off as an assassin at some
point in the story something terrible
happens and you make the decision to
join the Templars now the Templars are
extremely rich or powerful organization
I shall we any fans of the franchise
will know that and one of the benefits
of that is that they have lots of new
technology so if you think about a
character che the hero and assassin with
all of those skills that you mentioned
parkour eagle vision leaps of faith all
of that cool stuff and then you layer on
Templar technology such as the air rifle
which can be fitted with a grenade
launcher you can see that you have a
whole extra level of gameplay so if you
said to a couple of years ago we're
gonna have grenade launchers in
Assassin's Creed Republic really yeah
we're now with this Templar em you know
the switch to the other side and
becoming an assassin hunter you've got
this technology while creating a
assistance Creed role did you manage to
to hear or two
feedback of the players to you broke
things in the game yes absolutely we
listened to fans all the time through
the process you know when a game comes
out we listen to the instant feedback
we're also testing the games all the way
through development we get fans to come
in play the game and give us feedback on
that on how things are going you know we
know that unites greed for was one of
the most popular Assassin's Creed games
of all time so we wanted to make sure
that with rogue that we didn't lose the
magic the sense of exploration the very
cool responsive naval battles and you
know the sense of adventure of these
huge big world's filled with opportunity
things to discover so we kept all of
that stuff because you know if it's
working keep it and then build on it and
expand on it and give greater depth to
that game way so that's how we that's
how we listen to the fans in multiplayer
in essence great board and that was a
cool feature oh can you tell us about
something about that innocence grid role
well actually Assassin's Creed rogue is
a single player experience so we've got
a lot of investment into improving or
creating an entirely
you multiplayer experience on Assassin's
Creed unity that's where the focus has
been co-op in unity is a real big
breakthrough for the brand so it's
better to say that these days Assassin's
Creed is going to be focused it entirely
in the story the story is a really big
part of it I think fans have been asking
to play as a Templar we'll see more of
the Templar point of view but you know
story is just enough for a game you know
you need to innovate we need to polish
me to push things further so yet
narrative is a big big part of the game
and something else your fans would be
excited so as a discrete role and
necessary unity are a true different way
to do great
how do you say if you're a multiplayer
guy you need to buy this because um I
think what will drive people to choose
one game over another is the the console
that they have that's the most important
thing you know we're here in Mexico we
know that there's lots of ps3 and xbox
360's around but it's pretty hard and
expensive to get hold of one of these
new consoles the xbox one or ps4 so the
most simple thing to say is if you get
if you've got an xbox 360 only get get
rogue and then wait until you get your
xbox one and to pick up unity well then
thank you very much it's been a pleasure
it's been a pleasure to meet you you can
tell Pierce estamos ahora con la
entrevista pan Assassin's Creed unity
gone b oj Da Nang Hadji I'm a game
designer from Ubisoft Montreal and I've
worked on this since we do d that's a
cool name did you say it again view
shall adore motion Rodrigo for the first
time in Assassin's Creed we can play as
a co-op gameplay how does it affect in
the story or in the in the way you you
play your character well it was very
important for us when we decided to
bring a co-op element that it was in the
core game we didn't want to have a
different mode where you play go up like
we had before we all multiplayer game
that's on a different disk and it's
different gameplay so it's really the
same core gameplay elements that you do
in co-op you are the same guy you have
the same gear you have the same tools
the same skills when you're in coop so
we design those missions at our co-op
missions
you can play them alone if you want you
don't have to play them in co-op but
they were crafted for co-op play and
they don't affect the single-player
campaign so you can play the whole thing
by yourself and then do co-op or do them
at the same time it's all to you there
is there gonna be matchmaking we have
matchmaking and it relies now about the
gear that your SSN has its gonna give
you a rating that's that pairs up with
the mission rating so you can see the
machines too hard for you is easy and we
take that into account for you to the
matchmaking the city of Paris is
extremely big is a biggest I've ever
built actually if you take all the
island of Black Flag you put them
together Paris is still bigger than this
and also all the landmarks can get
inside there's no looting it's all
seamless we can get inside of the tada
explore get out by window it's all free
there is two Assassin's Creed in one day
how do you sell the unity to the people
well as I said you you can play anything
by yourself if you want and mr. co-op
mission are very crafted to bring all
the fun one
so you have both side of the coin really
with a CU con la entrevista para
Assassin's Creed unity gone hbu shada
magaji